Hey, so to clean up this section,
if you have any instances,
make sure you can terminate them
because it will release any EBS volumes attached to them.
Okay, so delete your instances.
Then under volumes, you can delete your volumes as well.
So first you need to delete the snapshot.
So take any snapshots
and then delete the snapshots themselves.
Then you can take a look at the volume
and you do action, delete volume.
So you can do them one by one.
So this one, I can delete the volume.
And this one right here,
I need to wait a little bit until it is detached
and then after being detached, you can delete it.
So I need you to probably refresh this page.
Here we go.
And then delete my volume, this is perfect,
which actually doesn't exist
because it's been deleted automatically.
And for EFS file systems,
you can just take this one and delete it
by entering the file system ID.
So that's it for this lecture,
I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next section.